# Generative Adversial Networks
Generative Adversial Networks (GANs) are based in a simple idea: make neural networks compete against each other, in the hope that this competition will push them to excel. Usually, GANs are composed of two NNs:
- Generator: from an input noise distribution, the Generator outputs some data, typically an image.
- Discriminator: as one can deduct, the discriminator must guess whether an input image is real or fake. In fact, the image could be a real image from the training set, or a fake image generated by the generator.

Then, both the generator and discriminator have opposite goals: the generator wants to produce images that look real enough to trick the discriminator, while the discriminator tries to tell fake images from real images. This implies that the GAN can not be trained like a regular neural network:
- First, we train the discriminator. We fed the discriminator with a batch of images, half real from the training set and half fake generated by the generator. All the images on the batch are correctly labeled, so the discriminator can be trained on them. As this is a binary classification task, the last layer of the discriminator must have 1 unit and a sigmoid activation function, and we compile it using 'binary_crossentropy' loss.
- In the second phase, we train the generator. First, it produces another batch of fake images, and they are all labeled as real (1). The weights of the discriminator are frozen during this step, so only the weights of the generator are updated. The discriminator is used again to tell whether the images are real or fake.

In conclusion, the generator never sees real images, and then it improves by producing fake images and trying to trick the discriminator. The better the discriminator gets, the more the generator improves.

Additionally, we can try to compute the accuracy achieved by the discriminator using a validation data set, not for every epoch, but for a certain epochs.

For this project, I will use the CIFAR-10 dataset, which consists in 60000 images (50000 for training and 10000 for test) of 10 different classes.